c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Kisisel.dll.config
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Kisisel.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Kisisel.pdb
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\BusinesLayer.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Entities.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\BusinesLayer.pdb
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\Entities.pdb
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\obj\Debug\Kisisel.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\obj\Debug\Kisisel.dll
c:\users\ayça\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Kisisel\obj\Debug\Kisisel.pdb
